hey everybody okay we're gonna go very
very fast cuz I'm movable slide okay so
you next as we would what are the
problems the entity one for ipfs that
are not fixable in just the existing
university one so the big one is that
like everything is in Dague PB and for
like a variety of reasons we would love
to move on to like all these great new
date formats actually one called Big C
board you can there's a very inflexible
bag structure for UNIX fc-1 so if you
have a bunch of tiny files and a tiny
directory
you can't just inline all that into one
block you end up with a lot of hops for
a lot of tiny tiny files and you know
like Liddell was talking about earlier
you end up getting inconsistent hashes
based on the parameters you pass in and
there's no good way to look at the data
and go Oh what were the parameters that
were used to create this um city you
could then reproduce the same hash again
given those parameters for my peeled
ease point of view you can sort of think
of Unix FS and really ipfs as like the
first IP of the use case so ipfs built
all of these amazing tools for making
working working with merkel bags easier
and then when you go to the IP LD layer
you don't have a bunch of those tools
anymore
so an IP LD we really need like a lot of
great ways to work with paths for
instance or the program paths and we
need a we definitely need a way to
upgrade these data structures in the
future without you know updating every
single client that ever talked to a data
structure so how do you do that so I
peel D really needs a model for
implementing data structures and then
putting that implementation into the
data itself so we're talking about lots
of ways to use this I don't have time to
go into it in depth but essentially this
would be a programmatic interface so
that you could have nice paths for your
data and in fact in accessory to could
just implement the nice ipfs pathing in
this IP LD system and that would be
available to everyone else use IP LD as
well also the system can enforce that
these programmatic functions for dealing
with the data structure only get access
to the things inside of their data so
that would actually force us to take all
those parameters that we use to create
these structures and put them into the
into the actual data itself so then we
would be able to reproduce the hash of
any file given new data because we would
know all the configuration and
parameters that it took and I'm done
with time to spare
[Applause]